Manuscript cases for 79.0 (#360)
highfidelity/hifi-docs-grav-content: 05.host/08.maintain-domain/docs.md

---
title: Maintain Your Domain
taxonomy:
    category: docs

---

> Maintain your High Fidelity domain by clearing it of clutter from recently created entities. For example, you can maintain your domain by deleting all entities created in the last hour. This allows you to keep your domain clean and in a good state. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is important that you keep your domain clean, and free of cluttered entities. You can do this with regular domain maintenance, which regularly cleans your domain with an assignment client (AC) script.  For example, you can write a script that deletes all entities that were created in a specified time (this of this as "reverting" your domain to a backup at a specific time). Another maintenance method would be assigning permissions to users, so you can restrict who can edit your domain.
```

Author: Done

**On This Page**

+ [Set Temporary Create Permissions](#set-temporary-create-permissions)
+ [Use an AC Script to Clean Your Domain](#use-an-ac-script-to-clean-your-domain)

## Set Temporary Create Permissions

> You can [set different user permissions](../your-domain/secure-domain.html#set-user-permissions) for your domain. These permissions will determine the types of users that have the permission to edit your domain. When you set these permissions, ensure that you have locked your existing entities or set entity filters to prevent users from editing objects already present in your domain.

Reviewer: The intro paragraph here needs to connect 'temporary permissions' to the topic of this page -- maintaining your domain. Its not immediately clear how this option "maintains" your domain.

Author: Done

You can allow users visiting your domain to have temporary edit permissions without altering any existing entities. For example, you can host a virtual class on adding and editing a cube's properties. You can give the right permissions to the users in the class to follow and create their own cubes, and ensure that any changes are not permanent. 

1. [Set user permissions](../your-domain/secure-domain.html#set-user-permissions) to 'rez temp'. This grants users edit permissions for the interval of time specified in the domain settings. 
2. [Set entity specific permissions](../your-domain/secure-domain.html#set-entity-specific-permissions) (lock entities or set entity filters) to make sure that any visiting user cannot edit the existing entities in your domain. 

## Use an AC Script to Clean Your Domain

> You can also maintain your domain using an [assignment client script](). 

Reviewer: Complete link.

Author: Done
